# Some Audio SDK

All the documentation for this SDK, except for this entry page, is generated by Doxygen.

### Pros

-   All the pages are properly versioned by the configuration in `Doxyfile`.

### Cons

-   The look and feel is too outdated for the tutorial- and guide-style documentation, which makes it look less professional.
-   Only the entry page, not the sub-sections like "Getting Started", can be properly integrated into the sidebar of the site[^1]{ title="It is actually possible to put the links of sub-sections in the sidebar of the main site, but users will feel like they just jump to another site after clicking these links. Therefore, I personally prefer to just put the entry page in the sidebar, as an entry point to the Doxygen documentation." }.
-   The markdown features supported by Doxygen are limited compared to `mkdocs-material`.

[^1]: It is actually possible to put the links of sub-sections in the sidebar of the main site, but users will feel like they just jump to another site after clicking these links. Therefore, I personally prefer to just put the entry page in the sidebar, as an entry point to the Doxygen documentation.

!!! note
    A footnote with a tooltip (hover text) is used here. In the Markdown source code, the text contents are duplicated for the footnote and the tooltip, which is not a good practice. However, the footnote-with-tooltip feature is not included in the community version of `mkdocs-material` (sponsors only).

## Versions

The following versions of the documentation are available:

- [Some Audio SDK 0.7](0.7/index.html)
- [Some Audio SDK 0.6](0.6/index.html)
